Easy way to register meaningless components (#847)
anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer: .docs/content/docs/developers/asset-description/index.en.md

---
title: Asset Description
---

# Asset Description

> Asset Description is the file to provide Avatar Optimizer information of  your assets.

Author: ```suggestion
Asset Description is the file to provide information of  your assets for Avatar Optimizer.
```

## Why Asset Description is needed

> Avatar Optimizer needs to know all components in your avatar to remove unnecessary components.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avatar Optimizer has to know about all existing components in the Avatar to remove unnecessary ones.\
```
make-your-components-compatible-with-aaoに揃えました

Avatar Optimizer v1.6.0 added [document to make your components compatible with AAO][make-component-compatible] and API for it, but

> for tools that is not a non-destructive and does not process during build, 

Reviewer: destructive toolという表現を意図的に避けてますかね…?

```suggestion
for tools that are not non-destructive and do not process during build, 
```

it's a little bit complicated to remove components by `IVRCSDKPreprocessAvatarCallback` instead of Avatar Optimizer.

> Therefore, Asset Description was added in 1.7.0 as a simple mechanism to specify components that should be ignored by Avatar Optimizer at build time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, Asset Description was added in v1.7.0 as a simple mechanism to specify components that should be ignored by Avatar Optimizer at build time.
```
見落としてました

> For non-destructive tools, we still recommend you continue to remove components in `IVRCSDKPreprocessAvatarCallback` to prevent AvatarOptimizer from accidentally removing components when the execution order is incorrect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For non-destructive tools, we still recommend you to continue to remove components in `IVRCSDKPreprocessAvatarCallback` to prevent AvatarOptimizer from accidentally removing components when the execution order is incorrect.
```
recommend A to Bに沿った変更

[make-component-compatible]: ../make-your-components-compatible-with-aao

## Create Asset Description {#create-asset-description}

> To create Asset Description, select `Create/Avatar Optimizer/Asset Description` from the Project window right-click menu.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create Asset Description, select `Create/Avatar Optimizer/Asset Description` from right-click menu in the Project window.\
```

> Avatar Optimizer searches from all files, so the name and location of Asset Description are free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avatar Optimizer searches from all files, so the name and location of Asset Description is free.
```

Author: nameとlocationで２つじゃない ？

Reviewer: 確かに

## Editing Asset Description {#edit-asset-description}

![asset-description-inspector](asset-description-inspector.png)

### Comment {#comment}

The comment field is for writing notes.\
Avatar Optimizer ignores comments.

### Meaningless Components {#meaningless-components}

Meaningless Components is the list of component types that you want Avatar Optimizer to ignore.\
Please specify the Script Asset of the component.

> Avatar Optimizer ignores the component of the specified Script Asset type or its subclass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avatar Optimizer ignores the component of the specified Script Asset type and its subclass.
```
```suggestion
Avatar Optimizer ignores the component of the specified Script Asset type and/or its subclass.
```

In Asset Description, as with the components in the Scene, types are stored in the form of guid and fileID of the Script Asset.\

> Therefore, even if the class name is changed, the specification in Asset Description will work without any problem as long as the components in the Scene are not broken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, even if the class name is changed, the specification in Asset Description will work without any problems as long as the components in the Scene are not broken.
```
